MATTER-6371: Update Matter documentation to mention secure upgrades (#62)
SiliconLabsSoftware/docs-matter: sld407-matter-ota/01-ota-bootloader.md

Reviewer: I would still add some version of the statement from https://github.com/SiliconLabsSoftware/docs-matter/pull/63 . A user can land on this page directly and might not have the context to know that secure boot is required.

Author: added

The Gecko Bootloader is built with Silicon Labs Simplicity Studio. These instructions assume that you have installed Simplicity Studio 6, the Simplicity Commander tool (installed by default with Simplicity Studio), the GSDK and associated utilities, and that you are familiar with generating, compiling, and flashing an example application in the relevant version.

> Note: All Silicon Labs Matter products must use the Secure Firmware Upgrade feature to meet Matter certification requirements. Generating the image file and creating the bootloloader for this feature requires extra steps that are covered below. See [Enabling Secure Upgrades](/matter/{build-docspace-version}/matter-ota/01-ota-bootloader#enabling-secure-upgrades) for step-by-step instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: All Silicon Labs Matter products must use the Secure Firmware Upgrade feature to meet Matter certification requirements. Generating the image file and creating the bootloloader for this feature requires extra steps such as setting "Require signed firmware upgrade files" in the Bootloader Core component Configuration in the bootloader project in Studio. See [Enabling Secure Upgrades](/matter/{build-docspace-version}/matter-ota/01-ota-bootloader#enabling-secure-upgrades) for step-by-step instructions.
```

> Note: All Silicon Labs Matter products must use the Secure Firmware Upgrade feature to meet Matter certification requirements. Generating the image file and creating the bootloloader for this feature requires extra steps such as setting "Require signed firmware upgrade files" in the Bootloader Core component Configuration in the bootloader project in Studio. See [Enabling Secure Upgrades](/matter/{build-docspace-version}/matter-ota/01-ota-bootloader#enabling-secure-upgrades) for step-by-step instructions.

Reviewer 2: Remove this word: "in Studio"
 or 
you can write "... in the Bootloader Core component Configuration under the bootloader project in Studio ... ",

Author: removed

Silicon Labs recommends installing the **GBL Compression (LZMA)** component under **Platform > Bootloader > Core**. This allows the bootloader to handle compressed GBL
files. This component is required for internal storage bootloaders.

> At this point, the project contains all the components necessary to support the Matter OTA Software Update functionality. To additionally secure updates for production (Secure Boot and signed firmware upgrades), see [Enabling Secure Upgrades for Production](#enabling-secure-upgrades-for-production) below. Refer to *UG489: Silicon Labs Gecko Bootloader User's Guide for GSDK 4.0 and Higher* for the full description of various bootloader features.

Reviewer: Doesn't the Secure Upgrade feature require setting 
"Require signed firmware upgrade files" in the Bootloader Core component Configuration in the bootloader project in Studio?

Author: this is stated in UG489 which is referenced here. should we explicitly mention in our documentation? was trying to avoid duplication of content, but can add if you think it would be useful.

Reviewer: I mean, are we only mentioning Secure Upgrades in the context of production?

Author: removed references of production/development across the PR, generalized to all Matter devices

- Build the GBL file for the update image and note its size.

>     > **Note**: The command below creates an unsigned GBL image. For Matter devices, add `--sign <signing-key>` to authenticate the image before the bootloader applies it. See [Enabling Secure Upgrades](#enabling-secure-upgrades) for details.

Reviewer 2: What you mean by "... before the bootloader applies it". Can you please mention what bootloader applies?

Author: fixed for all instances
